A Florida company is suing the cable network A&E, demanding that it stop selling merchandise featuring the phrase "My Favorite Color is Camo" and pay damages for alleged trademark infringement.  The company, Camo Trading Co. of Palmetto, Florida, claims it registered the trademark for the phrase in 2011, according to court documents filed on August 24 in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida. However, the "Duck Dynasty" reality series, which features the Robertson family and their camouflage clothing, began airing on A&E in March 2012.  The lawsuit alleges that A&E's sale of camouflage shirts bearing the phrase "My Favorite Color is Camo" has caused consumer confusion and diluted the value of Camo Trading Co.'s trademark. The company is seeking an injunction to halt sales of the merchandise, as well as damages for lost profits and the costs of the lawsuit.  A&E declined to comment on the federal lawsuit.  Camo Trading Co. also alleges that A&E's "unfair competition" in the sale of the merchandise has caused harm to the company's reputation and sales, according to the court documents.  The company's registration for the trademark includes a variety of goods and services, including clothing, hats, and shoes, as well as entertainment services in the nature of providing information and education about camouflage and its uses.  The lawsuit comes as the popularity of the "Duck Dynasty" series, which follows the lives of the Robertson family and their duck hunting business, has soared. The show has become a cultural phenomenon, with the Robertsons appearing on magazine covers and in advertising campaigns for various brands.  Camo Trading Co.'s lawsuit is the latest in a series of legal disputes involving trademark rights and the "Duck Dynasty" franchise. In 2014, the family's clothing line, Duck Commander, reached a settlement with a company called Duck Commander Apparel over trademark disputes related to the use of the name "Duck Commander" on clothing and other merchandise.  The case is Camo Trading Co., Inc. v. A&E Television Networks, LLC, 616-cv-1081.