Congressman Suggests Boston Suspects Changed Plans Before Attacks  Washington D.C. - A congressman close to the ongoing investigation into the Boston Marathon bombings has suggested that the suspected bombers, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, and his brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, "likely" planned their attacks in Boston but then changed their minds at the last minute and headed to New York City to carry out their terror plot.  According to the congressman, who spoke on the condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation, there are indications that the suspects had scouted locations in New York City for their intended attack before ultimately deciding to detonate their bombs in Boston instead. The motive behind this change of plans is not yet known.  Meanwhile, Russian officials have reportedly expressed concerns about Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to U.S. authorities prior to the attack. Sources tell CNN that the Russian government shared information with the FBI about Tsarnaev's mother's concerns regarding her son's activities, which included him leaving the country for several months to live in Russia. It is unclear what specific information was shared with the FBI or how it may have impacted the ongoing investigation.  As the manhunt for the two suspects came to an end on Friday, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat in Watertown, Massachusetts. He was reportedly more lucid during his second interview with investigators, providing more detailed information about the planning and execution of the attack. Tsarnaev's brother, Tamerlan, was killed in a shootout with police during the manhunt.  The exact nature of the device that exploded near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 remains unclear, but officials are treating it as an improvised explosive device. The attack killed three people and injured over 260 others. The second device, which was discovered later in the day, did not detonate.  The investigation into the Boston Marathon bombings is ongoing, with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies working to identify any potential co-conspirators or accomplices. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is currently being treated for injuries sustained during his capture, and is expected to face federal terrorism charges in the coming days.